result speaks in a negative way of
clear consequence we did not do
well what do i spend now i am a person
that has always put in front of everything and
all work in god
I think about what we others
evaluations are not up to you
I do n't like it tonight
of the story what it does not have
worked
always always always the same
while the case a maximum of two occasions
granted with 14 15 so many corner kicks
throws and however adopted
it's not that shooting is n't so much
say good performance belongs not
I'm saying good performance
I am convinced there is no comment of
this
it is however result is that therefore it is not
that we have a lot to talk about
do not telephone and eventually work
it's putting a certain way if there is
we'll still be talking
Mister already had a way to talk to the
president no not yet
but there is a she remained another room
you haven't really seen yourself then
I think we will see each other now I think there is
will be 13
here is the reaction after the withdrawal yes
waited for this in what was missing
bari tonight general speech but the
talk of one thing the other the other
I don't know shooting
now we can say everything is not lost
then you can say everything but not there
there are correlations, there is a match
to do that didn't go the way we hoped
all as you have experienced disputes
first time fans whistle in
heavy manner
they are right a
to criticize to challenge to mix
because the team we're not doing
what if everyone expected i
wages a feeling that the team will
follow one hundred percent
you guys is it's something right now
it really becomes a bit like saying
cloying continue to give the
I answer all is right to do it others
this question I have mine
conviction, however, is on the third fourth time
which after an answer to this question is
my feeling has not changed is not
absolutely changed however it is right that
certain things if you ask me if me
today I am the stranger to have chosen
via month I trust this team
daniele forte goes well thanks to all
you